it still got fest nigga Jet Set nigga
wanna live west coast cell phone I got
home I so my California biz's beat bride
bad roads but cannabis cause hardtop and
convertible cause niggas thought I sold
my brother you watch a while fucking man
i am still dead nigga all right what's
up YouTube ah i just got me some usps
today this is gonna be like my first
official review is the first one I've
seen on these but yeah I just got these
from undefeated and while spacious very
safe place
anyways okay so today i got the nike SB
black and orange high atop first thing
that I notice about this shoe is it back
here in the heel the mid-penn 12 toe box
it's all a pref rated leather and Nike
didn't do their design on here where
it's just a straight line has more
coming off of it like usual
and I like calling this the Golden Gate
dunk because it's painted same colors
the bridge and on the inside of the shoe
on the insert
that's a picture of the golden gate
bridge right there
it's a very six you and I'll show you
these on feet all right so these are the
Golden Gate dunks on foot it's a very
sick shoe just that the one thing that
I'm worried about is creasing the toe
box if it is leather but other than that
the side panel around the toe box and
the flap in the switch itself its just
oh the eyelids too it's just straight up
suede material bottom is that a recycled
SB soul and then it's the black mesh
tongue with the nike SB logo and orange
oh it's also got a orange leather pull
tab in the back so very sick shoe glad I
picked it up undefeated Las Vegas
hit it up it's very sick shop there's
Freddy Krueger sb's on the gas side step
accelerating niggas get out for I try to
give me crap mother fucker knows I
spread of snap like the back on my babe
head don't ask where I guy that I hate
it I'm connected people I get it ready
make it after like a game ENT case bit
and adjacent to Jack give them a couple
seconds to come shoot dead this is build
shit bitch don't confuse dead we have
these other dudes r a piece of love L
razor do my scrap cruising in the
Escalade eating poop sex